apple_pie|Elmalı Turta
baby_back_ribs|Domuz Kaburga
baklava|Baklava
beef_carpaccio|Dana Carpaccio
beef_tartare|Dana Tartar
beet_salad|Pancar Salatası
beignets|Beignets Çöreği
bibimbap|Bibimbap
bread_pudding|Ekmek Tatlısı
breakfast_burrito|Kahvaltı Burritosu
bruschetta|Bruschetta
caesar_salad|Sezar Salatası
cannoli|Cannoli
caprese_salad|Caprese Salatası
carrot_cake|Havuçlu Kek
ceviche|Ceviche
cheese_plate|Peynir Tabağı
cheesecake|Cheesecake
chicken_curry|Tavuk Körü
chicken_quesadilla|Tavuklu Quesadilla
chicken_wings|Tavuk Kanadı
chocolate_cake|Çikolatalı Pasta
chocolate_mousse|Çikolatalı Mus
churros|Churros
clam_chowder|İstiridye Çorbası
club_sandwich|Kulüp Sandviç
crab_cakes|Yengeç Köftesi
creme_brulee|Crème Brûlée
croque_madame|Croque Madame
cup_cakes|Cupcake
deviled_eggs|Yumurta Dolması
donuts|Donut
dumplings|Mantı
edamame|Edamame
eggs_benedict|Eggs Benedict
escargots|Salyangoz
falafel|Falafel
filet_mignon|Filet Mignon
fish_and_chips|Balık ve Patates
foie_gras|Kaz Ciğeri
french_fries|Patates Kızartması
french_onion_soup|Fransız Soğan Çorbası
french_toast|Fransız Tostu
fried_calamari|Kalamar Kızartması
fried_rice|Pilav
frozen_yogurt|Dondurulmuş Yoğurt
garlic_bread|Sarımsaklı Ekmek
gnocchi|Gnocchi
greek_salad|Yunan Salatası
grilled_cheese_sandwich|Peynirli Tost
grilled_salmon|Izgara Somon
guacamole|Guacamole
gyoza|Gyoza
hamburger|Hamburger
hot_and_sour_soup|Ekşili Acı Çorba
hot_dog|Hot Dog
huevos_rancheros|Huevos Rancheros
hummus|Humus
ice_cream|Dondurma
lasagna|Lazanya
lobster_bisque|Istakoz Çorbası
lobster_roll_sandwich|Istakozlu Sandviç
macaroni_and_cheese|Peynirli Makarna
macarons|Macaron
miso_soup|Miso Çorbası
mussels|Midye
nachos|Nachos
omelette|Omlet
onion_rings|Soğan Halkası
oysters|İstiridye
pad_thai|Pad Thai
paella|Paella
pancakes|Krep
panna_cotta|Panna Cotta
peking_duck|Pekin Ördeği
pho|Pho
pizza|Pizza
pork_chop|Domuz Pirzolası
poutine|Poutine
prime_rib|Dana Kaburga
pulled_pork_sandwich|Pulled Pork Sandviç
ramen|Ramen
ravioli|Ravioli
red_velvet_cake|Red Velvet Pasta
risotto|Risotto
samosa|Samosa
sashimi|Sashimi
scallops|Deniz Tarağı
seaweed_salad|Deniz Yosunu Salatası
shrimp_and_grits|Karidesli Mısır Lapası
spaghetti_bolognese|Spagetti Bolognese
spaghetti_carbonara|Spagetti Carbonara
spring_rolls|Çin Böreği
steak|Biftek
strawberry_shortcake|Çilekli Pasta
sushi|Suşi
tacos|Tako
takoyaki|Takoyaki
tiramisu|Tiramisu
tuna_tartare|Ton Balığı Tartar
waffles|Waffle